# Advent Of Code 2022

It's been a while since I've done any coding challenges and at this point I feel like I need the distraction. I'm a wash of Frontend frameworks, and all things Web dev related. Can't decide if I want to go all in to ReactJs, Keep learning and writing native web components or to just say fuck it and begin the work on the App that made me take the web dev journey in the first place. It's all just procrastination no matter how you slice it. But I am stuck on the frontend theatrics, so to speak. There is just so much. I feel like I should just build the front end out of HTML, CSS and Vanilla JS and be done with it but at the same time the whole way React works with it's props, components, state, JSX. (And many others besides React, Svelte is intriquing) It's kinda got me spell bound and running in circles at the same time. I almost feel like I could just do something on my own using classes that generate my UI, kinda like Native Wc's or even just write functions that spit out the code and stitch together the UI on my own. I mean, I dont plan on going career, I just really love programming. But then there's this demanding voice in the back of my mind telling me to learn it "the right way". "Never know what the future holds!" lol. Honestly, I'm too fucking old to change from my current carrer(gasp.. awk!! 49! almost dead!) to another for less $ to stress about some hungry 23 yr old beating me out, or taking a job that I lucked into. Nah, I love programming (I'm not that good at it, but man do I love it. It gives me a high, seriously, when I do something exceedingly clever, or simple and pretty.), I don't want to hate it if I am forced to make it my bread and butter. And let's be honest, I love it but I don't have the grit and drive of a 20 yr old. 

Anyway... 

So I'm doing AOC 2022. I have the year divided into days, and its all pretty self explanatory. I'm planning on doing it in Python since I've been balls deep in JS lately and feel like I'm cheating on py. I plan to do any backend work in python anyway so I wanted tp do this to get back into the swang of it. Man, Python was weird as fuck going back from JS. Didn't like it.. but it's getting back to the realm of familiararity.

